AND HIS LOVE FOR AMERICA?
LET'S LISTEN.
>> OVER THE PAST FIVE YEARS, THE
LONGEST STRETCH OF PRIVATE
SECTOR JOB CREATION IN AMERICAN
HISTORY.
BUSINESSES ADDING NEARLY 12
MILLION NEW JOBS.
AND IN PERHAPS THE SINGLE MOST
HOPEFUL SIGN FOR MIDDLE CLASS
FAMILIES IN A LONG TIME WAGES
ARE BEGINNING TO RISE AGAIN.
SO AMERICA IS COMING BACK.
WE HAVE RISEN FROM RECESSION.
WE HAVE THE CAPACITY TO WRITE
OUR OWN FUTURE.
WE'RE BETTER POSITIONED THAN ANY
OTHER NATION ON EARTH THANKS TO
HARD WORK AND SACRIFICE OF THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE WHO WE SERVE.
IT'S ALSO THANKS TO VALUES AND
POLICIES AT THE CORE OF THIS
PARTY THAT ALL OF YOU HAVE
FOUGHT FOR.
AS DEMOCRATS, WE BELIEVE IN
GIVING EVERY CHILD A WORLD CLASS
EDUCATION.
AND TODAY OUR YOUNGER STUDENTS
HAVE EARNED THE HIGHEST MATH AND
READING SCORES ON RECORD.
OUR HIGH SCHOOL GRADUATION RATE
IS AT AN ALL-TIME HIGH.
MORE AMERICANS ARE GRADUATING
FROM COLLEGE THAN EVER BEFORE.
AS DEMOCRATS, WE BELIEVE IN
REDUCING OUR DEPENDENCE ON
FOREIGN OIL AND PROTECTING OUR
PLANET.
TODAY, AMERICA IS NUMBER ONE IN
OIL, NUMBER ONE IN GAS, NUMBER
ONE IN WIND POWER.
EVERY THREE WEEKS WE BRING
ONLINE AS MUCH SOLAR POWER AS WE
DID IN THE ENTIRE YEAR OF 2008.
THANKS TO LOWER GAS PRICES AND
HIGHER FUEL STANDARDS, THE
TYPICAL FAMILY SHOULD SAVE ABOUT
750 BUCKS AT THE PUMP THIS YEAR.
[ APPLAUSE ]
AS DEMOCRATS WE BELIEVE IN
SENSIBLE RULES THAT CAN PREVENT
FINANCIAL CRISIS AND SHIELD
FAMILIES FROM RUIN AND ENCOURAGE
FAIR COMPETITION.
TODAY WE HAVE NEW TOOLS TO STOP
TAXPAYER FUNDED BAILOUTS AND A
NEW CONSUMER WATCHDOG TO PROTECT
AMERICANS FROM PREDATORY
LENDING.
WE'VE SECURED THE FUNDAMENTAL
RIGHT TO AFFORDABLE, ASSESSABLE
HEALTHCARE TO MORE THAN 10